Subject: Important update on your ACKO health claim: 25062100350/1                                                                                                                Date: 26/06/2025

 

Dear Vikas Gandhi

 

Thanks for choosing ACKO health. We have reviewed your recent claim for hospitalization cost reimbursement and would like to share our findings with you:

 

Claim No: 25062100350/1

UHID No:AGIL.ACK.ASHP202400001607.1

Policy holder Name: Vikas Gandhi

Claimant Name:Vikas Gandhi

Date of Admission:20-Jun-25

Date of Discharge:21-Jun-25

Diagnosis:TIGHT PHIMOSIS WITH BALANITIS WITH MEATAL STENOSIS

 

After carefully reviewing your claim , we noticed that you have filed a claim for the expenses incurred for treatment of a condition falling under waiting period. Unfortunately, these costs are not a part of your insurance coverage. As a result, we are unable to approve your claim.

 

 

Clarity on our claim decision

 

We understand this can be disheartening, as it may significantly impact your plans and financial situation. We also acknowledge that such situations might affect our reputation as a trustworthy insurance provider. Recognizing these difficulties, ACKO makes it a priority to address each claim with the highest level of seriousness and attention.

 

Our senior team and a special committee carefully reviewed your claim to ensure a fair and transparent outcome. Our guiding principle is to maintain consistent standards for all customers. Since insurance is meant to share risks among policyholders, we cannot allow one person's situation to negatively affect another's. This approach enables us to protect the interests of all our customers and remain legally compliant.

 

Please refer to the attached image for the relevant policy information, explaining the risks not covered at the time of purchase and how it affects our claim decision.

 

4.1.2 Specific Illnesses
Any medical expenses related to the following medical disease will not be covered for 2
years.

a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry of number of months, as specified in the Schedule, of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first policy with Us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an accident.

b. In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum insured increase.

c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for pre-Existing diseases, then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.

d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the policy or declared and accepted without a specific exclusion.

e. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.

 

Your options:

 

If you feel there has been an oversight or misinterpretation, please contact our Claims Internal Grievance Department within 30 days from the date of this email. We are more than willing to review any additional information that may influence our decision.

 

Contact Information:

Grievance Redressal Officer

ACKO GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED.,

2nd Floor, Acko General Insurance

36/5 Hustle hub One East, Somasandrapalya,

27th Main Road, Sector 2, HSR Layout,

Bangalore, Karnataka – 560102

Email: gro@acko.com

Phone: 918062370005 / 918037680069

 

If you're not satisfied with our decision, you can seek assistance from the Insurance Ombudsman, an external grievance redressal platform. To learn more about the process and their offices click here.

 

Please don't hesitate to reach out to us in case you have any questions or concerns.

 

Thank you,

Health Claim – ACKO

 

 


The information in this mail and any attachment(s) to this message is/are confidential and intended solely for the addressee or organisation to whom it is addressed. If you have erroneously received this message, please notify mailadmin@acko.com immediately and destroy the message and attachment(s). If you are not the intended recipient, any copying, forwarding, altering or disclosing the contents of this email message may be unlawful.  The information, attachment(s) or the opinions expressed in this mail are those of the individual sender and not necessarily those of ACKO.  ACKO accepts no responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of this email message or its attachment(s).